where colo colo reached what was his
obligation his mission was obviously
match the series and this is the detail
with the note of Victor Flores
more and more above
a nightmare games 3 and 4 of the
final of the directv league they had a
common denominator
one again, martín
or louis mccullough had a weekend
simply awesome
never made the statistics after
of the game
and we build another game victory and
we have to go to take charge of
business if the first two duels
they had terrence thomas as a player
most valuable to matches in Maipú were
witnesses how this American of
32 years stamping two presentations
to equalize the series 2 to 2 and force a
final match on the big island of
chiloé
who has the greatest heart of
dogs
the third is the almost that it had costs
up in the series I needed two
wins at home with the presence of
the glass in the gym the chilotes
They were only 40 minutes away from the
glory
very close d
but the objective and at the same time so good
thing to get to pass the series it
it can complicate us but I insist as you
he says he controls the craving you have to be
quiet place for basketball to see what
happen with him too
by several pictures of the band
but colo colo was not for surprises
in the mapuca ruca the gym of the
boston college looked like this in a true
albo carnival
and
to the colocolina fans were added the
faithful followers chilotes some with
more than 18 hours of travel on the slopes to
see his team raise the cup
but bigmac as he calls himself or louis
mccullough would have the last word with
26 points in game 3 and one
outstanding performance in the 4 with 55
points of them 9 triples the
American made it clear that he is one
of the best foreigners of the
season even his classmates
they understood that it was the moment of the staff
it has to be marked by higher than
the
for example he killed the sense but it was not
that played 1 against 5 we tried
get to the game to see why it has
on
although for jorge valencia a large part of
the task was for the sixth player well
it seems now is cast in possibility
is to lose do santiago
a series worthy of a final the league
directv team to two teams fighting for
that long-awaited title for sports
the illusion of being able to close the
series at home and with its public in colo
colo hope to achieve the feat
as a stranger the fifth game will be this
next saturday at 8pm a match
that nobody will want to get lost
games 3 and 4 are already the story and
will be in the register in the solid
performance of an American who already
he knew how to win the admiration of the albo people
fullerton machine
another triple master
a trophy that must finally wait
to its new owner the management line of
spalding counts the days to know your
new champion